Config deprecation updates (#8289)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/deprecations.md

{% set my_custom_config = config.get('meta').custom_config_key %}
```

### ConfigMetaFallbackDeprecation

> dbt has deprecated the fallback behavior where `config.get()` and `config.require()` check `config.meta` when a key is not found at the top level. This change prevents collisions between custom configurations and official dbt configurations.

Reviewer: This wording is a bit tricky because we originally introduced the config.get() behavior to also check under config.meta after requiring all users to move custom configs into meta. This fallback was added to unblock customer projects that began erroring due to configs no longer being found. However, it’s also a deprecated behavior, since we want users to migrate to using config.meta_get() instead so their config.get() dont eventually collide with configs dbt will introduce in the future.

{% set my_custom_config = config.get('meta').custom_config_key %}
```

### ConfigMetaFallbackDeprecation

> When dbt required users to move custom configurations into the `meta` dictionary, some projects began erroring because dbt no longer found configs at the top level. To unblock these projects, dbt added a temporary fallback where `config.get()` and `config.require()` also check `config.meta` when a key isn't found.

Reviewer 2: Suggest making tense same and adding context of previous changes.
```suggestion
When dbt required users to move custom configurations into the `meta` dictionary, some projects began erroring because dbt reserved top-level configs for official framework configuration. To unblock these projects, dbt added a temporary fallback where `config.get()` and `config.require()` also check `config.meta` when a key wasn't found.
```

Author: @venkaa28 How does this look to you?

Reviewer: This is great!
